docs: Language tweaks to security (#1162)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/security/authz/file.md

::: tip

> Only a few simple and general rules are contained in acl.conf making it a system-based ACL principle. If you need to support complex, large amounts of ACL content, you should implement it in an authentication plugin.

Author: What exactly is trying to be said here: `Only a few simple and general rules are contained in acl.conf making it a system-based ACL principle`

How does there being only simple rules make it a 'system-based ACL principle'? Is the intention simply to indicate that this is a `simple` ACL and that for anything more complex it should be done via one of the plugins?

Reviewer: My attempt to improve it:
```suggestion
The file ACL backend is handy when there are only a small number of general rules, or a small number of username/ClientID based rules.
For large number of per username/CliendID rules, another database ACL backend is recommended to either
as an extension or replacement of the file backend.
```
